Is my wife going out to do something urgent?
It can't take that long.
I didn't even have time to answer the phone.
Could he have been kidnapped in the community?
Let's call the police.
If you can call back, it means it's okay.
False alarm!
Hey ban
Where is it?
Ji Yan
Why don't you speak?
Ji Yan Wei Xuan
Leave me alone
Liu Mingxuan, did you hear that?
Your woman is in my hands
If you want him to live
You come alone
Trade your life for his
I listen to you
Send the address.
I have a bomb on me
As long as you dare to play tricks
I will detonate the bomb
Let your beloved be buried with me
I listen to you
You mustn't hurt him
I'll come over now.
How is the dog Dongfang Run?